Add react accessible accordion component (#1179)
enaqx/awesome-react: README.md

- [react-tsparticles](https://github.com/matteobruni/tsparticles/blob/master/components/react/README.md) - A component to easily add Particles animations to your React application
- [react-spring](https://www.react-spring.io/) - Spring-physics based animation library for React applications.
- [framer-motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/) - A React library to power production-ready animations.

> - [react-accessible-accordion](https://react-accessible-accordion.springload.co.nz) - React Component for creating an 'Accordion' that adheres to the WAI ARIA spec for accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [react-accessible-accordion](https://github.com/springload/react-accessible-accordion) - React Component for creating an 'Accordion' that adheres to the WAI ARIA spec for accessibility.
```

Author: Done. Thanks
